Yeah, that's fine.
I can pick up food
on the way back.
Sure.
[WATCH BEEPING]
Matt.
Shane.
What are you doing here?
Well, Bridget would
have been upset if I
had come to your house, so--
Man, I'm not complaining.
I just figured you'd
be in space or building
a hover car or something.
Golly, it's been like--
Four years, three
months, 21 days.
Hey, Matt, the usual?
Yes, ma'am.
This right here is
my brother, Shane.
Shane this is Robin--
Robin, your favorite waitress
at the downtown diner.
I'll take an apple
juice, lots of ice.
Don't worry about the spill.
Black coffee, apple
juice, plenty of ice.
Still sticking to
apple juice, huh?
You know, it's funny every
time I pack Katie's lunch--
Katie's lunch she always
asks for a juice box.
I guess she takes
after her uncle, me.
You have somehow
got more awkward.
Go to ESPN live stream,
Liverpool versus Manchester
United.
Roberto Firmino will score--
Stop, whoa, whoa, whoa.
--off a corner.
Wait, let me get there first.
Now what?
Roberto Firmino scores
in the corner now.
Firmino scores in the
corner out of nowhere!
Wow.
I cannot believe the Mustang
High mathlete captain just told
me to watch a sport.
Math got me a full ride to MIT.
What did playing
with a ball get you?
Laid.
Ah, laid, sure.
One black coffee and--
Sorry.
No.
No, no, no.
Oh, you're phone.
No worries.
Oh, gosh.
I'm due for an upgrade anyway.
Um, I will get you
another apple juice.
[? No need. ?]
I'm so sorry.
How did you know Firmino was
going to score that goal?
I'll show you.
Let's go.
Well, let's wait till we
get our breakfast first.
I'm a much better listener
when I've had my bacon.
[WATCH BEEPING]
What's that?
Timer.
We need to leave right now.
Pay the waitress, left pocket.
OK, guess I'll call in sick.
This afternoon a fire breaks
out in the forest by Pines Road.
Oh, where dad and
I used to force
you to come camping with us.
Exactly.
18 people die.
We have to get there and
stop it before it starts.
Well, I'll put in a call,
get some trucks out there.
No, when we did
that they turn up
and they leave because the
fire hasn't happened yet.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Oh, so you're like a
time-traveling Smokey the Bear?
It's actually a time loop.
I discovered that if I
manipulate the cosmic string
phases by frequent--
Uh, Shane, what?
I can repeat time.
I don't have the energy yet to
go any further back past today
and I have to reset
the loop by sunset
or I'm stuck in the present.
So it's kind of like
"Groundhog Day."
Yeah, kind of.
Are you coming?
Your battery is dead.
I rented an SUV for us to use.
My battery is not dead.
[ENGINE SPUTTERING]
All right, well,
I'm still driving.
OK, take Jefferson
out towards Margarita.
49 is way faster.
There's gonna be an accident.
Loose tire.
Take the next left, skip Kings.
Water main broke,
flooded the street.
OK.
Excuse me, sir you want
your windows washed?
Oh, hey, no, man, we're good.
You trying to get us killed?
I'll explain when
we fix the flat.
What?
Dude, what is going on?
In 0.25 miles there
will be an underpass
by the railroad track.
Park next to the track.
Shane, man, you are
freaking me out, dude.
How did you know the
tire was going to blow,
the-- the-- the battery was
dead, Firmino scores that goal?
What is-- what is going on?
It's all happened before.
Change the tire.
Right.
Time loop, OK.
OK.
Why does it seem like the
entire world is against us
since we left that diner?
Because it is.
Time is a scientist.
We're just rats
stuck in her maze.
She doesn't want us
to get to the exit,
so she keeps adding
more walls, more traps.
That's very progressive
pronoun use.
Thank you.
Look, 100 things
will go wrong to make
sure we don't get to this fire.
I have relived this day
again and again and again
and I still haven't been able
to get to the fire with you.
So we've had this
conversation before.
Yeah.
All right, then what
am I going to say next?
Trick question, I'm not
going to say anything.
Thanks for the help.
Welcome.
Hey, you remember
that time you helped
me run for class
president, tried
to hack the school
computer system
and rigged the election for me?
Tried?
You were elected 8th grade
president, as I recall.
I was running for
sixth grade president.
Really?
You don't remember that?
They called us into
Principal Bedford's office.
He couldn't believe that you
had memorized 400 lines of code
and forgot your
own brother's age.
[WATCH BEEPING]
We gotta go.
Finish that up.
I'm 28.
I'm gonna put on some music.
No.
Let's keep the radio off.
[WATCH BEEPING]
Who needs music when
you have random beeping.
I've calibrated it to
go off at key moments
to keep us on schedule.
If we don't meet the
deadlines, bad things happen.
What about the clicking?
Is that part of the--
Well, what have you been up
to the last four years, buddy?
When you're with me, we never
made it past the road block
before.
Oh, me, oh, well,
we beat the police
in the annual softball game.
Uh, Katie had a bouncy
castle at her birthday party.
And that was a whole lot of fun.
Dude, honestly, there's, uh--
I got some big news, Bridget--
We're here.
Pull over here.
Pull over.
Stop here.
You want me to gun
it, see if we can
break through this barricade?
No, when we did that, the car
flips and you're decapitated.
Seriously?
Yeah.
Hm.
Y'all need to turn back.
Sink hole up here.
Took out the whole damn road.
OK, I'm gonna talk
to him, see if we--
Nope, you can't.
Well, what do you
think we should do?
I'm gonna try something new.
Did you hear what I said?
The road is closed.
I saw the poster for
your missing dog.
Say what?
I actually found him.
Jasper?
My-- my dog?
Is he OK?
Yeah, he's tied up in front
of the Downtown Diner.
I set up food and water which
should prevent discomfort
until you retrieve him.
OK.
Yeah, but how do you know--
No, wait, it doesn't
even matter, man.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Hey, I need you to cover
for me at Pines Road.
Hey, you know how Jasper
went missing today?
Yeah, some guy found him.
I bet it took a lot of time
loops to find that dog.
Eh, not really.
I took him from his
backyard this morning.
OK, we're on foot form here.
Keys back.
All right, you ready
to save the world?
You want to time travel
back, try that again?
No.
Let's go.
Come on.
Pick it up.
We're here.
This is it.
Hey, sorry about this.
No fires today.
Y'all shouldn't be out
here by yourselves anyway.
Sorry.
You could have some
weirdo come up to you.
Well you don't have
to run-- whatever.
We did it.
I'm glad you're here.
You know, this
isn't really a fire
that would have gotten
out of control, though.
There's a good perimeter
and there's a lot of--
[PAGER BEEPING]
What's that?
It's my emergency pager.
Five alarm fire
broke out downtown
six blocks from the diner.
Why did you bring me out here?
When you stay downtown, you die.
We tried to stop the
fire hundreds of times.
We stop the electrical
fire and then
an oven fire breaks
out in the kitchen.
We stop the kitchen fire
and then three teenagers
forget to put a
cigarette out next door.
The fire always
happens, you always die.
I always live.
Even when you manage
to rescue a few people,
you never make it out.
So I started looking for
another exit to the maze
away from the fire.
I spent days searching
for locations.
I calibrated what would be the
shortest safe distance away.
And then it hit
me, here it's where
we used to go camping with dad.
Firemen don't run from fires.
Something always happened that
brought you back to the fire
or killed you on
your way out of town.
This time, I saved
you this time.
I don't need you
to save me, Shane.
Why do you even care?
You've talked to me like
twice since dad died.
Yeah, but look, if I
could create a time
loop that goes back to when--
I don't care about
time loops, Shane.
If you don't care,
why did you come?
Because I wanted to spend
time with my brother.
Give me the keys, Shane.
No, I can't do that.
People are dying.
No, no, no, no.
Matt?
You can't escape the maze.
How's it going.
Uh, I work at the fire station,
fire station three downtown.
If you're a firefighter,
you need your asses
back out to town, man.
There's a fire out
there, not back here.
I found your dog.
I'm gonna put on some music.
The fire downtown has
spread to a second building.
Firefighters are just
arriving at the scene.
We got to go back.
No, radio.
Whoa, whoa, no, no!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
We got to go.
Hello?
Hey, we need you back
at the station like now.
Fire downtown.
All right, I'm coming.
[WATCH BEEPING]
How about you give me
all your fucking money?
[GUNSHOTS]
[WATCH BEEPING]
There's going to
be a fire downtown.
We can stop it.
You bring every fire
truck you can get.
OK, it's just us,
no fire trucks.
You go in through the front.
I'm going in through the front.
OK, look I've timed this out,
if we don't leave right now,
you die.
Don't go for the hose.
What are you not gonna do?
Go for the hose.
[WATCH BEEPING]
We should leave now.
How is it already--
It should be working.
Sorry.
How are the girls?
Um, yeah, that's fine.
I can pick up food
on the way back.
Matt.
Shane.
What are you doing here?
I can't check up on my brother?
I'm not complaining.
I just figured you'd
be in space or building
a hover car or something.
Golly, it's been like--
Four years, three
months, 21 days.
Hey Matt, the usual?
Yes ma'am.
This right here is
my brother, Shane.
Shane, this is Robin the best
waitress at the downtown diner.
Can I get you anything?
I will take an apple
juice, extra ice.
Black coffee, apple
juice, plenty of ice.
Still sticking to
apple juice, huh?
You know, it's funny every
time I pack Katie's lunch,
she always asks for a juice box.
I think she takes after
her uncle a little bit.
Does she still eat Cocoa Puffs?
Luck Charms?
Uh, better actually, she
eats chocolate Lucky Charms.
I didn't even know
those existed.
Well, they do and we
have family-sized boxes
by the dozen.
[LAUGHING] That's amazing.
[WATCH BEEPING]
What's that?
This is-- nothing.
Hey, have you got time
to stay for breakfast?
[MUSIC PLAYING]